Add a reminder for conditional forwarding + WAN DNS on ASUS router guide (#1175)
pi-hole/docs: docs/routers/asus.md

They offer two kinds of setup depending on your router's firmware version. On newer firmware they recommend setting Pi-hole as DNS server for the `WAN` connection and on older versions for `LAN` connections. However, we recommend to setup Pi-hole always as DNS server for your `LAN`! If you do so, Pi-hole's IP is distributed as DNS server via DHCP to your network clients. Each client will directly send their queries to Pi-hole and will be shown individually in Pi-hole's web interface. Additionally, you can use the group management features.

You can find the FAQ here: [https://www.asus.com/support/FAQ/1046062/](https://www.asus.com/support/FAQ/1046062/)

<!-- markdownlint-disable code-block-style -->

> !!! warning "Be careful when you setting WAN DNS server to pihole and enable conditional forwarding"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! warning "Be careful when you setting WAN DNS server to Pi-hole and enable conditional forwarding"
```

>     This can cause DNS loop between router and pihole, see [Conditional Forwarding Flooding Request](https://discourse.pi-hole.net/t/conditional-forwarding-flooding-request/53740/4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This can cause DNS loop between router and Pi-hole for unkown hostnames.
```
